Error Tracking for APM (#11080)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/error_tracking/_index.md

---
title: Error Tracking
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "/tracing/error_tracking/explorer"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Error Tracking Explorer"

> - link: "https://app.datadoghq.com/apm/error-tracking"
>   tag: "UI"
>   text: "Error tracking"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Gonna move this into the page text itself.

Reviewer: actually, no, nevermind.

---

{{< img src="tracing/error_tracking/explorer_with_backend_issues.png" alt="Error Tracking Page"  >}}

> ## What is error tracking?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Datadog collects a lot of errors. It's critical to your system's health to monitor these errors, but there can be so many individual error events that it’s hard to identify which ones matter the most and should be fixed first. Error Tracking makes it easier to monitor these errors by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitoring the errors collected by Datadog is critical to your system's health, but there can be so many individual error events that it’s hard to identify which ones matter the most and should be fixed first. Error Tracking makes it easier to monitor errors by:
```

- __Grouping similar errors into issues__ to turn this noisy flow of errors into a small list of manageable issues.

> - __Following issues over time__ to know when they first started, if they are still ongoing, and how often they are occurring to help identify the most important ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Following issues over time__ to show when they first started, if they are ongoing, and how often they are occurring, helping you identify the most important ones.
```

> - __Getting all the context needed in one place__ to facilitate troubleshooting the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Getting all the context in one place__ to facilitate troubleshooting.
```

> ## How does it work?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How Datadog error tracking works
```

> The Datadog tracers are collecting errors through existing integrations and manual instrumentation of the source code. The different error spans within a trace are processed by Error Tracking __whenever they are located in the uppermost service span__ (also called service entry span).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog tracers collect errors through integrations and manual instrumentation of the source code. Error spans within a trace are processed by Error Tracking __when they are located in the uppermost service span__, which is also called the _service entry span_.
```

{{< img src="tracing/error_tracking/flamegraph_with_errors.png" alt="Flamegraph with errors"  >}}

> Error Tracking computes a fingerprint for each individual error span it processes using the error type, the error message as well as the different frames forming the stack trace. Errors with the same fingerprint are grouped together and belong to the same issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error Tracking computes a fingerprint for each error span it processes using the error type, the error message, and the frames that form the stack trace. Errors with the same fingerprint are grouped together and belong to the same _issue_.
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">Error Tracking is available for all the different languages supported by APM and does not require using a different SDK.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Error Tracking is available for all the languages supported by APM and does not require using a different SDK.</div>
```
